Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Get out of here!
President Wang
It's my Chen Shaojie Chen family's Chen family
Chen Shaojie does not know
Get out now
You can't come here
President, how many heroes forget things
The Chen family of Wanbo Sheng Association
Who are they?
President, this is Xiao Ling, the big hand of the Xiao family in the capital of Qing Dynasty
This is Lin Tianjiao
Is the core queen of the dragon side tonight
It is the Lin family who disrupted the Dragon Feast
President Wan, this has nothing to do with us.
It was this waste that destroyed the Kunlun Wing
Offended the Lord God
President Wan, this trash
Don't put our Wanbo Chamber of Commerce in the hospital
He asked you to send the copy you sent before.
Do not pee
See for yourself what you are
President Wan
This Tianhai Restaurant
Not all garbage can enter
Clean it out
And we would talk.
The Lin Family and Chen Family Business Summit
Wan Guohao
This is the partner you are looking for.
This is how far you are from the Universal Chamber of Commerce
President Wan, look at him, he is crazy and out of power.
You dead end
My Lin family has angered the Lord God because of you
Now you are yelling in front of President Wan again
Are you a wild breed that no one taught in life?
I will teach you well today.
So brave
Originally, Tianzi Hou brothel caused trouble
Who gave you the guts?